1. Converting an adjacency list to an adjacency matrix:

I started to convert this into an adjacency matrix, by creating a square matrix where both the rows and columns
represent the nodes in the graph. I then, fill the matrix with zeros, indicating no connections. Following that up,
for each node  in the adjacency list I looked at its connections. If node A is connected to node B you find the row 
for A and the column for B in the matrix and set that value to 1 indicating a connection. And, I repeated this for 
all connections in the adjacency list.


Initialize a square matrix M with dimensions equal to the number of nodes, filled with 0s
For each node A in the adjacency list:
    For each node B in A's list:
        Set M[A][B] to 1


2. Converting an adjacency matrix to an adjacency list:

An adjacency matrix is a square grid with nodes represented by the rows and columns and connections indicated by
the values (0 or 1). I started by having to make a list for every node in order to turn this into an adjacency list.
Next, for every row in the matrix that represented a node, I checked to see if there is a 1 for that row's column, 
which would indicate a link to the node that the column is representing. Then, I would add the node in this column to
the list of nodes. I continued this on until, no more matching adjacent pixels remained.  Meaning that the  flood 
fill, had been fully completed. I implemented in  Python with a flood_fill_python function and mirrored the logic 
in Java with a floodFillJava method. Both methods efficiently iterate over the image, altering each pixel's color in
turn, fulfilling the task of the flood fill algorithm.

Initialize an empty list for each node
For each row A in the adjacency matrix:
    For each column B in row A:
        If the value at [A][B] is 1:
            Add node B to the list of node A



3. Reversing the direction of each edge in a directed graph:
In my directed graph each edge was like a one-way street from one node to another. When I decided to reverse the
direction of each edge it was like changing the traffic flow to the opposite direction. Working with an adjacency 
list I went through each node's list meticulously. If a node A initially pointed to node B, I flipped this 
relationship so now node B would point back to node A. By doing this for every edge I ended up creating a brand-new 
adjacency list where the directions of all edges were reversed, essentially mirroring the original paths in my graph.

Initialize an empty list for each node to create a new adjacency list
For each node A in the original adjacency list:
    For each node B in A's list:
        Add A to the list of B in the new adjacency list

